Add Type-B firmware to QMK (#19764)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/cannonkeys/typeb/readme.md

# Type-B

Type-B Keyboard by bababaul

* Keyboard Maintainer: [Andrew Kannan](https://github.com/awkannan)
* Hardware Supported: RP2040
* Hardware Availability: [CannonKeys](https://cannonkeys.com)

> Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):
> 
>     make cannonkeys/typeb:default
> 
> See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
> 
> ## Bootloader
> 
> Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:
> 
> * **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
> * **Physical reset button**: Toggle the switch on the back of the pcb to "Rcovery" and briefly press the button on the back of the PCB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make cannonkeys/typeb:default
    
Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make cannonkeys/typeb:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Toggle the switch on the back of the pcb to "Recovery" and briefly press the button on the back of the PCB
```
